Daojun, you are Daojun
What about Daojun?
Today I will die with him
The middle and lower forbidden areas are prohibited from being mysterious, don't you understand?
Today I want to
Oath to kill
Dao Jun, he is really Dao Jun
I have no way out
Say why you keep invading the middle and lower
Still tearing and biting the sky-shaking guitar
Is because
Shadan discovered that the low-level subordinates of Zhentian Group
There is a god kill
If he took the genie
It can drive away the weakness of fear of the light
Chen Lingsha made Ascension Pill
Just need this medicine
Do you know that there is a god killing under the Zhentian Group?
Fairy kill, no
Tyrant, you have already had one, I need the gods to kill
If I knew, how could I not tell you?